[Music]
three
now nothing can take away from me we've
been down that road before that's all
keep me coming back for more
[Applause]
[Music]
whatever
Oh
we're in heaven
[Music]
come on
well gather yeah we should have been a
pajetta like that then you give me such
beauty lovely choreography okay Craig
absolutely gorgeous Oh
[Applause]
okay
oh yeah I think you sweat okay but
gorgeous that's well a sensitive honest
loving beautiful storytelling flowed
beautifully I really loved it it was
great
[Applause]
you are no thougts sir you are the real
deal you glimmer you glitter you shine
and you bring warm
[Applause]
and they're playin over now as the boy I
used to look up girls feet as I got out
of I started looking at their boobs and
bums now looking at girls feet and I'm
your worst spot on
[Applause]
she said I need a capitaine okay brew
they're heavenly elegant full of grace
ease of movement I'm entitled
[Applause]
it will the judges please reveal their
scores Kraig Revel Horwood nine
[Applause]
chummy old relations good evening